{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green61\blue61;\red222\green105\blue27;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red65\green65\blue65;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30980\c30588\c30588;\cssrgb\c90196\c49412\c13333;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c32157\c32157\c32157;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18880\viewh25280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl960\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
% (modulo)\
used to make random case choice within the \'91array\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa216\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa540\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Calculates the remainder when one integer is divided by another. It is useful for keeping a variable within a particular range (e.g. the size of an array).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 random(max)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 The first argument \'97 n in this example \'97 is the pixel number along the strip\
\
\
\
THING BOARD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa148\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs64 \cf6 \cb1 loop()\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa540\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 After creating a setup() function, which initializes and sets the initial values, the loop() function does precisely what its name suggests, and loops consecutively, allowing your program to change and respond. Use it to actively control the Arduino board.\
\
can loop through cases \
\
\
// weather reading\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa540\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_memcmp.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_memcmp.htm}}\
memcmp() is comparing two blocks of memory and returns\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri60\sl480\sa300\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if Return value < 0 then it indicates str1 is less than str2.\uc0\u8232 
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri60\sl480\sa300\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if Return value > 0 then it indicates str2 is less than str1.\uc0\u8232 
\fs28 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\cf8 \'95	}\cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if Return value = 0 then it indicates str1 is equal to str2.\uc0\u8232 
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa540\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Thats the kick off\'85\
Then. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa540\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_memcpy.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_memcpy.htm}}\
memcpy() copies the bytes to the icon variable for using later to determine what weather is.\
\
strtol() converts the initial part of a string into an int value.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf9 What is the unix time stamp?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf9 The unix time stamp is a way to track time as a running total of seconds. This count starts at the Unix Epoch on January 1st, 1970 at UTC. Therefore, the unix time stamp is merely the number of seconds between a particular date and the Unix Epoch. It should also be pointed out (thanks to the comments from visitors to this site) that this point in time technically does not change no matter where you are located on the globe. This is very useful to computer systems for tracking and sorting dated information in dynamic and distributed applications both online and client side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf9 What happens on January 19, 2038?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf9 On this date the Unix Time Stamp will cease to work due to a 32-bit overflow. Before this moment millions of applications will need to either adopt a new convention for time stamps or be migrated to 64-bit systems which will buy the time stamp a "bit" more time.\
}